# Software Engineering Director - Mobile
**Company:** Samsara
**Location:** assistance will not be provided for this role.
**Compensation:** $173,600
**Work Type:** Hybrid
**Source:** [Swooped](https://swooped.co/app/jobs-tracker/a26f3da6-a2b6-425b-ae60-202830799e89)

---

Job Description

The role involves leading mobile development teams, overseeing product strategy, and ensuring the delivery of high-quality mobile applications. Responsibilities include mentoring engineers, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and implementing scalable solutions. Summary Generated by Built In Who we are

Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.

Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.

About the role:

Samsara is looking for an experienced and visionary Director of Software Engineering to lead and scale our mobile development teams. This person will be responsible for driving innovation and overseeing the development of Samsara’s mobile products, used by thousands of customers worldwide. As a senior leader, you will be integral to shaping our product and technical strategy and ensuring our platforms are reliable, secure, and aligned with the needs of our customers. Additionally, your teams will directly build customer-facing features that address the needs of our customers.

This is a remote position open to candidates in the United States. Relocation assistance will not be provided for this role.

You should apply if:

You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely. You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won’t be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment. You’re energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers. You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-calibre team that will encourage you to do your best. In this role, you will: Develop and execute the mobile platform engineering strategy aligned with Samsara's product roadmap. Deliver high-quality products that exceed customer expectations. Lead, mentor, and grow a team of high-performing engineers and managers across multiple locations, fostering a collaborative and inclusive environment. Work closely with Product, UX/UI Design, Data, and Operations teams to develop features, define requirements, and optimize user experiences across both mobile and web surfaces. Guide the team in architecting scalable and maintainable solutions, leveraging the latest technologies and mobile development best practices (iOS and Android). Ensure our mobile applications meet high standards of reliability, performance, and security, employing automated testing and monitoring systems. Oversee the development lifecycle, from planning through deployment, using Agile methodologies to ensure timely and efficient delivery of product releases. Champion new technologies, tools, and processes to enhance the capabilities of the your development teams. Minimum requirements for the role:

10+ years of experience in software engineering, with at least 5 years leading mobile and development teams. React Native: Deep expertise in using React Native for mobile app development, including complex implementations and integration with native modules. Native Mobile Development: Familiarity with native iOS and Android development, with an understanding of performance optimization and platform-specific constraints. GraphQL: Proficient in using GraphQL for efficient data fetching and API design, with a working knowledge of integrating GraphQL in mobile and web environments. Frontend & Backend Frameworks: Experience with modern web frameworks and backend technologies Software Architecture: Strong knowledge of mobile and web architecture patterns with a focus on scalability and maintainability. DevOps & CI/CD: Familiarity with continuous integration and continuous deployment pipelines, automated testing frameworks, and monitoring tools to ensure high-quality releases. An ideal candidate also has:

Experience managing managers and teams of 30+ engineers Leadership Skills: Proven ability to build and scale diverse engineering teams, and a track record of delivering successful, large-scale mobile and web applications in a fast-paced, agile environment. Collaboration & Communication: Excellent interpersonal and cross-functional collaboration skills, with the ability to communicate complex technical concepts effectively. A customer-focused mindset and good product sense 5+ years of experience in SaaS software development roles Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field Experience with best practices around testing, monitoring, and SLAs to ensure high product quality in large-scale distributed web services Samsara’s Compensation Philosophy: Samsara’s compensation program is designed to deliver Total Direct Compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is at or above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) for eligible roles. For eligible roles, a new hire RSU award may be awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.

We pay for performance, and top performers in eligible roles may receive above-market equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market.

The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. $173,600—$279,000 USD At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, and other characteristics protected by law. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems and want to ensure that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.

Benefits

Full time employees receive a competitive total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, Samsara for Good charity fund, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.

Accommodations

Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.

Flexible Working

At Samsara, we embrace a flexible working model that caters to the diverse needs of our teams. Our offices are open for those who prefer to work in-person and we also support remote work where it aligns with our operational requirements. For certain positions, being close to one of our offices or within a specific geographic area is important to facilitate collaboration, access to resources, or alignment with our service regions. In these cases, the job description will clearly indicate any working location requirements. Our goal is to ensure that all members of our team can contribute effectively, whether they are working on-site, in a hybrid model, or fully remotely. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual’s ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company and in the specified work location, if applicable.

Fraudulent Employment Offers

Samsara is aware of scams involving fake job interviews and offers. Please know we do not charge fees to applicants at any stage of the hiring process. Official communication about your application will only come from emails ending in ‘@samsara.com’ or ‘@us-greenhouse-mail.io’. For more information regarding fraudulent employment offers, please visit our blog post here.

General Notes

B
I
U
H1
H2