# Senior Director, Software Engineering (Machine Learning)
**Company:** Affirm
**Compensation:** $340,000 - $375,000
**Work Type:** Remote-mentioned
**Source:** [Swooped](https://swooped.co/app/jobs-tracker/d402b40d-7eab-444e-97c8-3e10c560a94e)

---

Job Description

Lead centralized Machine Learning efforts at Affirm, managing model development lifecycles, fostering AI adoption, and overseeing a team of ML professionals to enhance business outcomes. Summary Generated by Built In Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

At Affirm, we’ve been very successful in our mission in delivering honest financial products that improve lives. Machine Learning has played a significant part in helping Affirm deliver on that mission. As we look into the future, we expect ML to continue to play an outsized role. We are therefore seeking to hire a Senior Director to lead centralized Machine Learning capability at Affirm.

What You’ll Do:

Set the vision for Machine Learning and AI at Affirm. Hire world class Machine Learning modelers, Platform and Software engineers to execute on that vision. Take ownership of our core model development lifecycle and business outcomes across our established verticals – underwriting, fraud, servicing, personalization.
Work closely with product and business leadership to champion AI adoption in both existing and new products.
Balance ML investments across traditional ML and transformer based models Evolve ML platform to support our increasing ML needs across Affirm with a special emphasis on training, tuning and serving AI models.
Run a robust, yet shortened ML development lifecycle establishing a culture for experimenting and failing fast.
Work with a wide variety of cross functional partners outside of engineering ranging from product, risk, servicing, legal and compliance.

What We Look For:

15+ years of relevant experience in Machine Learning, AI, or related technical domains Experience leading centralized ML teams comprising of both ML modelers and ML platform engineers Successful track record in landing key models responsible for the company’s success that directly drive PnL Comfortable working in matrix organizations and influencing across a wide variety of leaders. Experience hiring and growing, and retaining talent Keeps up with evolving ML landscape — understands when to buy vs build, and what tools/ techniques can drive the most business value

Base Pay Grade - V

Equity Grade - 21

Employees new to Affirm typically come in at the start of the pay range. Affirm focuses on providing a simple and transparent pay structure which is based on a variety of factors, including location, experience and job-related skills.

Base pay is part of a total compensation package that may include equity rewards, monthly stipends for health, wellness and tech spending, and benefits (including 100% subsidized medical coverage, dental and vision for you and your dependents.)

USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $340,000 - $375,000

USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $305,000 - $340,000

#LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.

General Notes

B
I
U
H1
H2