# Senior Director, Software Engineering
**Company:** Affirm
**Compensation:** $340,000 - $375,000
**Work Type:** Remote-mentioned
**Source:** [Swooped](https://swooped.co/app/jobs-tracker/d47e6bec-3eb0-49c7-8996-ad2417ad3120)

---

Job Description

The Senior Director will develop traffic management capabilities, lead planning, and guide engineering teams in designing load testing tools. Summary Generated by Built In Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

At Affirm, we’ve been very successful in our mission in delivering honest financial products that improve lives. In order to further this mission as we scale, we are looking for a Senior Director focused on developing world class traffic management capabilities for Affirm.

What You’ll Do:

Set the vision for the next generation of traffic management, capacity planning and load testing capabilities and practices at Affirm. Hire world-class engineers with a deep understanding of traffic management concepts such as load shedding, rate limiting, caching, etc. Lead our annual peak season planning across the technology organization Support and partner with the broader engineering organization to understand the needs of, and then roll out, the capacity planning and load testing tools you develop. Vigorously participate in our engineering-wide roadmap planning process

All this will require a leader who sets a strong and inspiring vision, but also rolls up their sleeves and gets into the details, putting significant effort into understanding our unique business and the systems and people that support it.

What We Look For:

Has been responsible for traffic management, load testing or capacity planning at an organization with hundreds of millions of users. Extensive experience in designing and implementing traffic shaping, cluster management, and load shedding systems at scale Successful track record leading and delivering multi-year, highly complex engineering infrastructure projects. Demonstrated ability to successfully develop, hire and partner with principal software engineers. Exceptional leader who can mentor and manage high potential engineers and leaders earlier in their career. Detail oriented individual who has strong opinions on the technologies being developed by their team and is fully immersed in day to day execution and delivery. Strong communicator who effectively lays out their vision for their team, the broader engineering organization, senior executive and partners. Excited about both our mission to deliver honest financial products and to do it by building a meritocracy. Base Pay Grade - V

Equity Grade - 21

Employees new to Affirm typically come in at the start of the pay range. Affirm focuses on providing a simple and transparent pay structure which is based on a variety of factors, including location, experience and job-related skills.

Base pay is part of a total compensation package that may include equity rewards, monthly stipends for health, wellness and tech spending, and benefits (including 100% subsidized medical coverage, dental and vision for you and your dependents.)

USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $340,000 - $375,000

USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $305,000 - $340,000

#LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.

General Notes

B
I
U
H1
H2