# Director, Software Engineering
**Company:** Polly
**Compensation:** $11
**Source:** [Swooped](https://swooped.co/app/jobs-tracker/fc3c0594-87a5-4830-bc60-94809d445a01)

---

Job Description

The Director of Software Engineering leads multiple teams, focuses on talent development, manages engineering roadmaps, and ensures product quality and stakeholder collaboration. Summary Generated by Built In Director, Software Engineering Job Overview

Job Title: Director, Software Engineering

Reports To: SVP, Technology

THE ROLE:

At Polly, we're changing the way people shop for car insurance through technology. We are looking for an experienced technology leader, mentor, coach and connector to direct multiple software engineering teams, equipping and empowering engineers into their peak performance, with an understanding and appreciation of the complexities of engineering great software. The director will effectively collaborate with other leaders in-and-out of engineering while building relationships across the organization. This leader will be responsible for attracting and retaining key talent. Ultimately, the director will be responsible for all facets of enabling the efficient and creation of world-class software products.

WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED:

Qualifications 10+ years of leadership across multiple software engineering teams in a scaling org. Innate excitement about building an ecosystem with both internal developers & partners 10+ years of experience responsible for engineering roadmaps, product development process and releasing products at scale across mid-cap or start-up organizations Expert-level knowledge of:  Microsoft .NET technology stack (C# / .NET, ASP.NET MVC, Web APIs) and SQL databases (Microsoft SQL Server or any other)  HTML5 and JavaScript; experience with Typescript and React is a plus Git, unit testing, debugging, profiling, performance monitoring  Experience delivering compelling customer value through effective stakeholder relationships, influencing skills in a cross functional, geographically distributed environment, managing departmental communication and the meeting frequency/cadence needed to drive routine, engagement and outcomes Confident and clear communicator with subject matter expertise in SaaS Application Development, including experience driving consensus and building influence at all organizational levels. Experience optimizing engineering teams through the development of teams and team members to new levels of performance while attracting and retaining high caliber talent. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent area COMPETENCIES:

Team Leadership: Lead, mentor, and manage teams of engineers, providing guidance, support, and career development opportunities. Foster a positive and collaborative team culture.  Technical Strategy: Define and implement the technical strategy for the software development team, ensuring alignment with the company's goals and objectives.  Project Management: Partner with Product Owners to manage the entire software development lifecycle, including planning, execution, monitoring, and delivery.   Technical Expertise: Stay current with industry trends and best practices, providing technical leadership and guidance to the team. Ensure the team follows coding standards and best practices. Review code when needed and provide guidance and support to team members.  Quality Assurance: Oversee the quality assurance and testing processes to ensure software products are reliable and free of defects. Implement quality control measures.  Risk Management: Identify and mitigate technical risks throughout the development process. Proactively address issues that may impact project timelines or quality.  Collaboration: Collaborate with other teams, such as Product, UX, and Delivery, to ensure the successful delivery of integrated software solutions.  Performance Management: Establish and monitor key performance indicators and metrics to measure team and individual performance. Provide regular feedback and conduct semi-annual check-ins WORK AND LIFE BALANCED, WE’RE HERE FOR YOU

Medical, dental and vision insurance HSA, FSA, Dependent Care FSA and Commuter pre-tax benefit Flextime PTO and generous holiday time Paid Parental leave + baby cash Matching 401(k) contributions Life & disability Insurance Work from anywhere options About Polly  Polly delivers unexpected value by embedding insurance into life's biggest purchases. As the leading embedded automotive insurance marketplace, Polly seamlessly integrates coverage options from 40+ insurance carriers into the automotive buying experience at thousands of dealerships across the country, delivering savings to consumers when they need it most. With more than $11 billion in coverage placed, shoppers trust Polly for instant quotes, immediate coverage, and expert live agents. Experience the unexpected value of embedded auto insurance at Polly.co. 

Polly is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, creed, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other protected status as defined by federal, state or local law.

Salary is $175k-$225k annually

General Notes

B
I
U
H1
H2