# Director, Software Engineering
**Company:** Affirm
**Compensation:** $300,000 - $360,000
**Work Type:** Remote-mentioned
**Source:** [Swooped](https://swooped.co/app/jobs-tracker/6d109146-1575-4903-b630-e571fcef05ef)

---

Job Description

Lead the Card Platform team at Affirm, set vision, manage engineering outcomes, collaborate cross-functionally, and enhance the card capabilities. Summary Generated by Built In Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

At Affirm, we’ve been very successful in our mission in delivering honest financial products that improve lives. The Affirm Card has played a significant part in helping Affirm deliver on that mission. As we look into the future, we expect our Affirm card to continue to play an outsized role. We are seeking to hire a Director to lead the Card Platform and Experiences team.

What You’ll Do:

Set the vision for the Card Experiences and Platform team at Affirm. Hire world class full stack engineers to execute on that vision. Take ownership of our core engineering and business outcomes across our established verticals – Card experiences, Card services Platform and Card Loan platform. Work closely with product and business leadership to drive key efforts to build card related capabilities to grow and scale the business.
Balance product expansion efforts with platform investments and scale our platform to handle high scale and a spectrum of eclectic use cases. Run a robust development lifecycle establishing a culture for operational excellence, while experimenting and failing fast.
Work with a wide variety of cross functional partners outside of engineering ranging from product, analytics, risk, servicing, legal and compliance. What We Look For:

15+ years of relevant experience software engineering Experience leading full stack teams and backend teams. Successful track record driving key outcomes that drive the company’s success Comfortable partnering across disciplines and influencing across a wide variety of leaders. Experience hiring and growing, and retaining talent Has Card related domain knowledge. Great to have -if you've worked on credit/debit card/card related areas including accounting, ledgering, open/closed loops, and more.

Base Pay Grade - T

Equity Grade - 18

Employees new to Affirm typically come in at the start of the pay range. Affirm focuses on providing a simple and transparent pay structure which is based on a variety of factors, including location, experience and job-related skills.

Base pay is part of a total compensation package that may include equity rewards, monthly stipends for health, wellness and tech spending, and benefits (including 100% subsidized medical coverage, dental and vision for you and your dependents.)

USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $300,000 - $360,000

USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $267,000 - $327,000

#LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.

General Notes

B
I
U
H1
H2