# Director, Applications & Data
**Company:** Alcanza Corporate
**Source:** [Swooped](https://swooped.co/app/jobs-tracker/663fd2e4-fef2-4e73-a507-73098f5f31df)

---

Job Description

Description Alcanza is a growing multi-site, multi-phase clinical research company with a network of locations in MA, NH, MI, VA, SC, FL, GA, AL, MO, TX and Puerto Rico. We have established a strong presence across Phase I-IV studies and several therapeutic areas including vaccine, neurology, dermatology, psychiatry, and general medicine. Join us as we continue to grow. The Director, Applications & Data oversees all technology functions within Alcanza Clinical Research: participating in the development of a technology and applications strategy, leading vendor-supported system integrations stemming from M&A activities, and executing on innovative software and data projects to bring differentiated value to Alcanza. The Director will engage business leaders to align technology department execution with business objectives, manage vendors and 3rd parties to ensure a stable and reliable IT network and operation, and coordinate IT governance, security, and compliance activities to ensure business continuity and adherence to regulatory guidelines. Key Responsibilities Essential Job Duties: ● Collaborates with executive team on the development of technology and innovation strategy and leads the implementation of key initiatives aimed at enabling excellence in patient recruitment and engagement, study startup and delivery, and shared services across a multi-site operation. ● Advises the leadership team on technical matters and is expected to stay current on the latest technology trends and innovation in clinical research (software, data, & AI/ML/LLM). ● Leads implementation projects of complex enterprise systems (CTMS, eSource, eRegulatory, GL, CRM & marketing automation, HRIS, and other) leveraging a wide partner network of subject matter expertise to bring efficiency and scale. ● Supports acquisition activities and leads consolidation and integration of technology platforms to realize expected synergies and build scale. ● Attracts, develops, mentors, and supports a team of technology professionals and fosters a culture of high-performance and cross-functional collaboration. ● Executes a vendor partner model for further developing a cloud-based infrastructure, telecommunications systems and service/help desk teams to ensure a stable and reliable IT operation and high-availability of the network. ● Assumes overall ownership of all IT issues, ensuring production issues are on a fast path to resolution. (These work efforts may extend beyond the course of the agreed upon work schedule.) ● Assume people management responsibilities including interviewing and selection, performance appraisals, job description preparation, employee counseling, career coaching, and other employee meetings for assigned team. Manage department staff, proactively identify and resolve issues, and work to ensure successful department operations and culture. ● Oversee resourcing allocations, assignments and team members' output and performance to ensure deliverables are on track, identifying/addressing/escalating risks to deliverables or timelines. ● Collaborates with partners and subject matter experts to ensure compliance with HIPAA, privacy and security laws and other regulatory guidelines. ● Communicate and liaise with clients and all stakeholders (internal & external) in a timely and professional manner. ● Employ strategic thinking and problem-solving skills to propose and implement risk mitigations. ● Perform all other duties that may be requested or assigned. Skills, Knowledge And Expertise Minimum Qualifications: A bachelor’s degree in information technology or related field and a 10+ years’ experience in an IT leadership role with management responsibility of internal staff and vendors, or an equivalent combination of education and experience, is required. Must have experience with health information systems (EHRs, EMRs, or Practice Management) and/or clinical research systems (CTMS, Source, Regulatory). Must have demonstrated experience in leading teams and executing against goals with an executive mindset (e.g., building a disciplined environment, strong performance output, etc.). Must have understanding of HIPAA Privacy and Security rule, and regulatory guidelines in healthcare and/or clinical research settings. Bi-lingual (English / Spanish) proficiency is a plus. Required Skills ● Proficiency with computer applications such as Microsoft applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), internet, and the ability to type proficiently (40+ wpm) ● Proficiency with data and software development life cycle management and understanding of modern data and technology solutions such as Microsoft Fabric, Snowflake, and/or equivalent solutions on AWS or Google Cloud Platform. ● Strong organizational, time management, problem solving, and project management skills to meet firm deadlines. ● Well-developed written and verbal communication and presentation skills ● Well-developed interpersonal and listening skills and the ability to work well independently and collaboratively within a team environment, building trusted relationships with clients and sponsors, and with all levels within the organization. ● Well-developed strategic and analytical capabilities ● Ability to effectively handle multiple tasks and adapt to changes in workloads and priorities ● Must possess a high degree of professionalism, integrity, dependability, respect of others, self-motivation, and exemplify a strong work ethic. ● Ability to work under minimal supervision, think independently, identify problems, and implement solutions. ● Ability to handle highly sensitive information in a confidential and professional manner, and in compliance with HIPAA guidelines. Benefits ● Full-time employees regularly scheduled to work at least 30 hours per week are benefits-eligible, with coverage starting on the first day of the month following date of hire. ● Medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long-term disability insurance, health savings accounts, supplemental insurances, and a 401k plan with a safe harbor match are offered.

General Notes

B
I
U
H1
H2